it says here this new Minute Maid
premium tastes like eating a fresh ripe
orange could it be true hmmm I don't
know but I mean to find out whilst this
extraordinary taste Julie like that of a
fresh ripe orange I would not rest until
I knew but finally there came the moment
of truth the taste of this fresh ripe
orange was like the minute made I'd say
that just eight months point new Minute
Maid premium right into it
what's in your ice cream this is false
for 80 miles like mr. right from the
look daddy's my mother never told me
that
Breyers is good stuff natural stuff no
strawberry sugar and cream yummy
Breyers all-natural taste not technology
Breyers presents viennetta a delicious
ice cream dessert but there could be one
small problem
one slice is never enough viennetta from
Breyers on March 16 folks from Saturn
got up a little earlier than you
so it was our chance to watch the cars
we built here arrived on the other side
of an ocean ten years ago we all knew it
was a risk building a new American car
it was pretty much syngress moon I guess
you could say we just swam all the way
to Japan
okay come on there's a 97 here we go
everybody smile
okay now mom's gonna open the car
ah to a very special mom lip it over
look at the back oh my god
get your battery
you know what to look for in a Mother's
Day card hallmark okay here we go
I think you missed it missed it
even the toughest greasy stains like
spaghetti sauce are no match for resolve
carpet cleaner no wonder its number one
it's okay cowboy resolve get you out of
the toughest spots there's a big odor
taking over your Innerspace stop it with
wizard stick ups and stick up for fresh
air did you know how important it is to
care for your skin at night L'Oreal
creates new plenitude Revitalift night
night is when you can improve skin most
I don't think very many people know that
I couldn't imagine going to sleep
without revilers night it's so effective
it's unique complex smooth firms works
with skins natural recovery fairy shear
it's very light
I wouldn't go to bed with it Revitalift
night anti wrinkle plus firming complex
by L'Oreal because I'm worth it and so
are you is it not a sin against all that
is sacred to deny our children
my hands are stained with blood my
salvation
what must I sent my children what will
become of this man may have time gone
and of this blood that has sealed
hopefully the heart of her husband peace
the more it slips through my fingers
what a wicked world it is and drives
Amanda send